oop-object_independence-medium-q3 (#673)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/object_independence/medium/q3/QuestionText.md

# oop-object_independence-medium-q3

## Question Info

- Question type: Java

### Cocktail Class

> Your `Cocktail` class must have the following items:

Reviewer: Please add back in the question context.

# oop-object_independence-medium-q3

## Question Info

- Question type: Parsons

## Question Text

> Your goal is to become a master chef. So, you make a mobile app to keep track of all your secret recipes. Make a class

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You want to become a master chef so you make a mobile app to keep track of all your secret recipes. Make a class
```

called **Cocktail** with one attribute called **ingredients** which represents a list of ingredients and are initialized

> in the constructor. The method also has setter, getter, and a **toString()** method.

Reviewer 2: get rid of duplicated class information

> in the constructor. The method also has an accessor, mutator, and a **toString()** method.

Reviewer 2: here also accessor and mutator should be switched to setter and getter for consistency

### Cocktail Class

Your `Cocktail` class must have the following items:

- Attributes:
    - An array of `String` called **ingredients**

>     - Note that neither of these attributes should be visible from another class

Reviewer 2: this line implies more than one attribute exists

- Constructors:

>     - A single constructor with a parameter of an array of `String` that initalzies the **ingredients** attribute

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - A single constructor with a parameter of an array of `String` that initializes the **ingredients** attribute
```

    - This constructor should be visible from another class

- Methods:
    - a `getIngredients` method which is accessible from other classes and returns the array **ingredients** attribute
    - a `setIngredients` method which accepts an array of `String` value, updates the **ingredients** attribute with it,
      and is accessible from other classes
    - a `toString` method which returns a String of the information about the `Cocktail` class of the form
      `My ingredients are: A B C D ...` ,where A, B, C, and D represent the strings in order in the **ingredients**
      attribute, and is visible from other classes.

> ### TestWaitList Class

Reviewer 2: the name here and the entire section below hasn't been updated for this question
